readme.md, before:

# External script for Wii wallpaper by [Lillykyu](https://www.lillykyu.gay/)


## Usage instructions
**NOTE: make sure your path to where you extract it does not have a space in it! powershell is terrible

1. Download the zip file from releases.
2. Extract into a folder
3. Edit the info.txt with your executables and log path in the format shown in the file
4. Run ``install.bat`` and if that succeeds then run ``start.bat``

If you need to make any edits, run ``stop.bat``, edit your info.txt then run ``start.bat`` to restart it

Once that is done, you dont need to do anything else, just keep these files and the script will automatically start upon reboots!
If you wish to uninstall the program, delete these files, open task scheduler and remove the "WiiWallpaper" task

## Build instructions
Run these commands in order in the main directory:
  - ``pnpm i or npm i``
  - ``tsc``
  - ``pkg .\dist\index.js --targets latest-win-x64 --output ./dont-touch/lillywallpaper.exe``

:3
[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/N4N6145I0V)

Commit message:

update readme for execution policy

readme.md, after:

# External script for Wii wallpaper by [Lillykyu](https://www.lillykyu.gay/)


## Usage instructions
**NOTE: make sure your path to where you extract it does not have a space in it! powershell is terrible


1. Download the zip file from releases.
2. Extract into a folder
3. Open a powershell window as admin and run ``Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted``
4. Edit the info.txt with your executables and log path in the format shown in the file
5. Run ``install.bat`` and if that succeeds then run ``start.bat``

If you need to make any edits, run ``stop.bat``, edit your info.txt then run ``start.bat`` to restart it

Once that is done, you dont need to do anything else, just keep these files and the script will automatically start upon reboots!
If you wish to uninstall the program, delete these files, open task scheduler and remove the "WiiWallpaper" task

## Build instructions
### IGNORE IF USING FOR GENERAL USAGE
Run these commands in order in the main directory:
  - ``pnpm i or npm i``
  - ``tsc``
  - ``pkg .\dist\index.js --targets latest-win-x64 --output ./dont-touch/lillywallpaper.exe``

:3
[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/N4N6145I0V)
